# File: C# Homework 9
# Name: William Chan
# Date: 2 August, 2020

1. What is an enum?
	* It is a type. System.enum is reference type while any specific enum is value type.
	* when you give a serie of numbers names.
2. Declare an enum for military ranks, either officer or enlisted. Name it Ranks. What are the symbols,
like Private, Corporal, Sergeant or Lieutenant, Captain, Major?
	* enum Ranks
    {
        Pvt, Pfc, LCpl, Cpl, Sgt, SSgt, GysGT, MSgt, MGySgt
    }
3. Using the Ranks enum, assign a rank to yourself and a friend.
	* Ranks William = Ranks.SSgt;
4. Determine the numeric index of particular ranks, using the Ranks enum.
	* int num = (int)William;
5. How do you select the type of an enum?
	* You can explicitly specify any other integral numeric type as an underlying type of an enumeration type.
	* enum Season : short { Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter }
6. What is a struct?
	*  It's a value type
7. List some differences between classes and structs.
	* struct is a value type while a class is a reference type.
	* structure instances are called values and live on the stack, class instances are called objects and live on the heap.
	* you cannot generate a default constructor for a struct, you can for a class.
	* if you declare your own constructor for a struct, the complier will still generate the default constructor. It won't for a class. 
	* if you don't initialize a field in your own constructor, the compiler will initialize it for you if its a class, it won't if it's a struct. 
	* you're not allowed to initialize instance fields at the point of declaration for a struct. You can for a field. 
8. Are structs stored on the stack or on the heap? What about enums?
	* stack. specific enums are also stored on the stack. But systems.enum store on the heap. 
9. Review the documentation for the C# System.Int32 struct. List the fields. List the methods.
	* MaxValue, MinValue
	* CompareTo, Equals, GetHashCode, GetTypeCode, Parese, ToString, TryFormat, TryParse 
10. Declare a struct named DOD with four branches.
	* struct DOD
    {
        string Marine_Corps;
        string Army;
        string Navy;
        string Air_Force;

        public DOD(string branch)
        {
            this.Marine_Corps = branch;
            this.Army = branch;
            this.Navy = branch;
            this.Air_Force = branch;

        }
        public override string ToString()
        {
            string data = $"{this.Marine_Corps} {this.Army} {this.Navy} {this.Air_Force}";
            return data;
        }
    }
11. Why can’t you create a default constructor for a struct?
	* C# struct is associated with value-type semantic and a value-type is not required to have a constructor.
12. What is CIL? What does the CLR do to the CIL?
	* The Microsoft Intermediate Language (MSIL), also known as the Common Intermediate Language (CIL) is a set of instructions that are platform independent and are generated by the language-specific compiler from the source code.
	* CLR transforms source code into a form of bytecode known as Common Intermediate Language (CIL).
